RNs-4.10.32: adds zstream update (#50257)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-10-31-upgrading"]
==== Updating

To update an existing {product-title} 4.10 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc[Updating a cluster within a minor version by using the CLI] for instructions.

[id="ocp-4-10-32"]
=== RHBA-2022:6372 - {product-title} 4.10.32 bug fix

Issued: 2022-09-13

{product-title} release 4.10.32 is now available. The bug fixes that are included in the update are listed in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:6372[RHBA-2022:6372] advisory. There are no RPM packages for this release.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.10.32 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-10-32-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, dual-stack clusters with PROXY protocol were only enabled on IPv6 and not IPv4. With this update, {product-title} now enables PROXY protocol for both IPv6 and IPv4 on dual-stack clusters. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2096362[*BZ#2096362*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, dual-stack clusters using the PROXY protocol only enabled it on IPv6 and not IPv4. With this update, {product-title} now enables the PROXY protocol for both IPv6 and IPv4 on dual-stack clusters. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2096362[*BZ#2096362*])
```
Slight rewording. What do you think? Otherwise, LGTM.
